proudly bearing the values of the atom
molecule brand argon 18 introduces the
e1 12 2014 a bicycle that can meet any
challenge optimally combining the
founding philosophy behind argon 18
optimal balance the e1 12 is a unique
bicycle that is well adapted for
triathlon and time-trial thanks to its
advanced aerodynamics weight and comfort
characteristics that are the hallmark of
all the greatest racing frames combining
the very best of argon 18 values with
natural ease the e1 12 is an ideal
illustration of optimal balance an
effective synergy of lightweight
characteristics comfort and rigidity
design in the same mold as the e1 14 and
awarded the Euro bike design the e1 12
provides everything you expect from a
powerful bike its carbon composite frame
benefits from the very best in advanced
aerodynamics in order to maximize the
efficiency of each section of the e 112
the e1 12 provides a gain and
aerodynamic efficiency exceeding 11%
when compared to the e 8e depending on
the angles and positioning facing a 40
kilometer headwind
gains and aerodynamic efficiency make
the e 112 an ideal bicycle for time
trial challenges while providing the
greatest level of comfort possible
thanks to its blend of advanced
technologies AFS tri or argon fit system
tri provides a geometric design that is
conceived to balance the proportions of
the frame sections with the aim of
respecting the physical build of each
Rider nothing is left to chance and you
thus benefit from a bike that is capable
of adapting to your needs working in
harmony with the AFS the 3d system that
is exclusive to argon 18 structurally
adjusts the handlebar height a handlebar
that is 15 millimeters higher will exert
an increased rigidity of 5% whereas an
elevation of 25 millimeters will bring
this factor to 11% the system allows for
a positioning that conforms perfectly to
your requirements while maintaining the
bicycles rigidity with the e 112 you'll
benefit from the very best aerodynamics
and comfort take advantage of the very
best of argon 18